---
layout: post
title: Chapter 4
caption: Chapter 4
date: 2018-10-05
image: SerendipityChapter4.jpg
categories: stories
tags: serendipity
---

Claire kept a straight face, one that she mastered from a young age. But this time it wasn't used in the usual circumstances.

   <br/>

*I can either fold or raise... but my cards are so bad! I can’t possibly lose to someone who has never played poker before… or has he?*

   <br/>

Claire sighed loudly and slapped her cards on the ground. “Alright fine, you win. I fold.”

   <br/>

Cody grinned happily as he took the remainder of jellybeans on the plate.

   <br/>

Claire chuckled silently as she cleaned up the cards on the floor and put them back into their case. They had been playing for an hour and a half and she has already lost three times. And here she thought that she was, at least, a decent player. 

  <br/>

But oddly enough, Claire was glad that she sucked at poker because while they were playing, there was a gleam of bright excitement that touched his  eyes the entire time.  Seeing him right now, knowing that he was able to crawl out of his safety net and meet her half way, gave her butterflies. As she looked at his smile and cheer for his victories, she was right. Yup, definitely worth the defeat.

   <br/>

It has been exactly one and half weeks since they had “officially” met one another and everyday, after Claire was finished her tasks, she would stay with him for several hours. During their time together, one thing was for sure: Cody was an *amazing* listener. She could count on one hand the number of friends who could sit there for hours, actually listen, and not mind. It was probably because most of her friends were either just as talkative as her or they had an attention span of a 4-year-old. 

   <br/>

There were also the rare moments when he would continue the chat with a question, and everything that came to her mind, escaped her lips. Their conversations became a jumble of absolute nonsense, whether it was her daily rants about school or funny stories about her friends. Gradually, she noticed that Cody seemed less tense around her and would often catch glimpses of a smile or chuckle. 

   <br/>

And whenever the chill of tension or silence approached, humor was definitely the best tactic to use. It was easy for Claire to lead the conversation because she knew that he was more comfortable and relieved when she did. But nonetheless, there were times when she felt frustrated with herself because she wanted to know more and learn more about him, but couldn’t force herself to do it. The rush of curiosity was surging through her bloodstream, but she would never allow the words to roll off her tongue. 

   <br/>

She feared that the delicate ropes of their friendship may snap over innocent curiosity and knowing that a chain of the wrong words can strain their ever-fragile relationship, was a thought she feared to imagine. That was why she never asked about his past, wouldn’t dare ask about how he ended up here or what happened to his parents. Maybe a time will come when the ropes will get thicker and one another’s curiosities can manifest in their conversations. But as of now, when he was ready to share, she would be there to listen.

   <br/>

However… Cody will never feel confident to talk about himself if the opportunity never presents itself. Also, after a very long game of poker, she had to think of another game to play in order to break the silence. And what’s better than playing a couple of mind games to pass the time. Maybe that might just do the trick and unlock the floodgates to his thoughts. “Hey, do you want to play a game?”

   <br/>

Cody raised an eyebrow “What sort of game?”, he asked as he popped a couple jellybeans into his mouth. 

   <br/>

“It’s a game I learned last week from a friend who took psych this year. She told me they had to play this game in class because it’s one of the practices used to help patients find the root of their issues. Then from there, they take the information and analyze it to find an impetus of their patient’s pain or problems. Well, at least that’s the scientific aspect of it.”

   <br/>

Cody frowned. “Yeah…no. I don’t really feel like being a science project right now and I also don’t need some therapist.”

   <br/>

Claire huffed dramatically, almost pouting and shook her head. “It’s just all fun in games. C’mon, I cross my fingers that I won’t go all Sherlock Holmes on you. Unless you think that I’m that good Watson?”

  <br/>

“Ha-ha” he said sarcastically, “keep dreaming Claire. Alright then, I’ll give it go,” he challenged with a smirk.  

   <br/>

Claire smiled gleefully. “So basically, this game is called the Random Word Association. When I say a word, you must say the first thing that pops up in your head that you think is related to that specific word. You lose when you repeat a word already said. Got it?”

   <br/>

Cody nodded. 

   <br/>

“Alright um.... Baseball,” she began.

   <br/>

“Bat”

   <br/>

“Hard”

   <br/>

“Life”

   <br/>

Claire felt her stomach tighten. Cody didn’t even blink when he answered. It was the most obvious and clear thing in his life. It was that life was so damn difficult. 

  <br/> 

“Adventures”

  <br/> 

“Enemies”

  <br/> 

“Dark”

  <br/> 

“Monsters”

   <br/>

“Terrified”

   <br/>

Cody stayed silent. His gazed fell to floor and it was visibly clear that he was tense. Eventually he murmured something under his breath.

   <br/>

“Me”

   <br/>

Terrified. A hideous feeling that still lingered in her distant memories but was close enough to bring shivers up her spine when she ruminated on them too severely. In many ways, her traumas have transformed into a bittersweet memory now that she had overcome the flood of fear and paranoia from her childhood. She got lucky and she knew that. Her current situation would have been very different if she ended up trusting the wrong people and believed their words of a better life. 

   <br/>

Back then, she didn’t know what exactly gave her the will to live. Maybe the fear of dying, maybe it was the hope that her problems were temporary, maybe she wanted to prove to others that she was not the weakling they thought she was. But that linger of strength did not stay for long and luckily the right people had pulled the remaining spirit of her strength and reached out a life line. She was lucky that they came at the right time and gave her a fighting chance, because before then, her will to live was draining very rapidly. 

   <br/>

Claire wanted to tell him that she understood how he felt but it would only ripple into waves of confusion and suspicion. So, she kept her thoughts from rolling off the tip of her tongue and continued. “Strong”

  <br/> 

Cody scoffed but didn’t retort. “Family”

   <br/>

“Trust”

   <br/>

“Difficult”

   <br/>

“Love”

   <br/>

“Fragile” 

   <br/>

“Broken”

   <br/>

Silence. Cody shook his head as he felt a clash of divergence between his mind and mouth. He struggled to say the word while his throat began to close up. 

   <br/>

*“Oh no…did I trigger something? Please don’t hide away this time. Just talk to me. I know it’s scary…but just talk to me. He can’t – no, shouldn’t shut people out anymore, not if I can help it,”* Claire thought with grit. 

   <br/>

*“*Cody?”

   <br/>

There was no response.

   <br/>

“Um…I said--,” she was cut off.

   <br/>

He mumbled something incoherent. It was so quiet that Claire couldn’t catch it. 

   <br/>

“What?” Claire asked as she shuffled closer to hear him more clearly.

  <br/> 

Cody could feel the tears build up in his eyes, but he blinked them away. Shaking his head, he stared down at his lap.

  <br/> 

Once again, Claire didn’t know what to do. She wanted to ask if he was okay, if she had said something to upset him? Or if she should leave him alone right now. But she stayed silent and waited for him.

   <br/>

Suddenly his head shot up, tears brimming in his eyes. His eyes were glossy, and his bottom lip was trembling. Then he took a deep breath.

   <br/>

“Me,” he whispered.

   <br/>

“I-I’m broken. I’m a freaking disaster. Do you even know how hard it is to live this life? I have no-no one and life just sucks, and-and I can’t….” it was so quiet, below a whisper but she listened to every word. He cleared his throat and let out shaky breath. Then continued to breath in and out until it was evenly controlled. “Sorry…. just ignore what I said… you win, I repeated a word.” 

   <br/>

Claire was rendered speechless by his answer once again. The voices of hesitation were ignored this time because she could care less if this will break the fragile ropes of their friendship, she wasn’t going to let this opportunity slide. 

   <br/>

Getting up slowly, she stood in front of the boy, whose eyes were glued to his lap. Reaching out, she pulled his shoulders close against her body and rubbed his back in a comforting motion as the other hand glided gently through his hair, soothing him. Cody was startled at first but didn’t pull away. Instead, he did the total opposite and melted comfortably into the touch. 

   <br/>

It was quiet, but she could hear sniffles and her shirt began to soak up near her stomach. Staring up at the ceiling, Claire began to envision the hoard of demons and fear clinging onto his thoughts everyday and how strong he must be to fight his battles alone all this time. The fact that he has been on the streets much longer than Claire has, she could not even begin to imagine how lonely he must have felt all those years.  

   <br/>

Suddenly, Cody pushed Claire away. “Sorry, I can’t be doing this.” he said wiping away his tears. “You must think I’m such a pathetic person,” he let out a vacant chuckle,” Oh god, this is so unmanly. You shouldn’t--” he was startled as someone caught his wrists, stopping them from rubbing his reddening eyes, and he let them fall to his sides.

   <br/>

Cody eyes then connected with Claire’s and she smiled softly; a smile that held neither mockery nor distain, only kindness. It didn’t hold disgust or pity, nothing about her smile made him feel belittled, it only warmed his heart. It was strange how a simple gesture could affect him so much.

   <br/>

She glided her hand across his hair, it was surprisingly soft. The ministrations seemed to calm Cody down. “You know there is nothing wrong with crying” she said softly as she knelt in front of him. Cody shook his head. “You’re wrong. It makes you weak and when others notice that, they target you.”

   <br/>

Claire frowned but it was quickly washed away. She understood how he felt. Out on the streets, the moment your stoic mask cracks, there will instantly be a target on your back. “Well somebody once told me that people cry not because they are weak. But instead, it is because they have been strong for too long.”

   <br/>

Cody’s eyes widened, his shoulders slumped down slightly as he visibly relaxed. He lifted his head and stared aimlessly into her soft gaze, then smiled softly. 

   <br/>

He did not trust easily but it was hard to not follow his instincts on this person. He could feel his façade begin to crack around him and everything he would feel, flowed naturally. With her, there were no more barriers of fear shackling him down. 

   <br/>

What he felt within was genuine. There was no need to play pretend with Claire. It was as if she possessed this strange but powerful aura that exuded immediate comfort and safety. Something he never had and now, when he had a taste of what it felt like, he couldn’t help but miss it immensely when she walked out the doors. “I haven’t thought of it that way.”